these are the heads of their fathers
these are the heads of their fathers houses and this is the genealogy of
houses and this is the genealogy of
houses and this is the genealogy of those who went up with me from Babylon
those who went up with me from Babylon
those who went up with me from Babylon in the reign of King Artaxerxes
in the reign of King Artaxerxes
in the reign of King Artaxerxes of the sons of Phinehas Gershom of the
of the sons of Phinehas Gershom of the
of the sons of Phinehas Gershom of the sons of ethem our Daniel of the sons of
sons of ethem our Daniel of the sons of
sons of ethem our Daniel of the sons of David Hutus of the sons of chacon aya of
David Hutus of the sons of chacon aya of
David Hutus of the sons of chacon aya of the sons of Parrish Zechariah and
the sons of Parrish Zechariah and
the sons of Parrish Zechariah and registered with him were 150 males of
registered with him were 150 males of
registered with him were 150 males of the sons of pay hath Moab le holy and I
the sons of pay hath Moab le holy and I
the sons of pay hath Moab le holy and I the son of Zahra hyah and with him two
the son of Zahra hyah and with him two
the son of Zahra hyah and with him two hundred males of the sons of chacon aya
hundred males of the sons of chacon aya
hundred males of the sons of chacon aya Ben jahaziel and with him three hundred
Ben jahaziel and with him three hundred
Ben jahaziel and with him three hundred males of the sons of Aidan ebed the son
males of the sons of Aidan ebed the son
males of the sons of Aidan ebed the son of Jonathan and with him 50 males of the
of Jonathan and with him 50 males of the
of Jonathan and with him 50 males of the sons of Elam Josiah the son of Ethel aya
sons of Elam Josiah the son of Ethel aya
sons of Elam Josiah the son of Ethel aya and with him seventy males of the sons
and with him seventy males of the sons
and with him seventy males of the sons of Scheffer taya zebediah the son of
of Scheffer taya zebediah the son of
of Scheffer taya zebediah the son of Michael and with him eight emails of the
Michael and with him eight emails of the
Michael and with him eight emails of the sons of Joab Obadiah
sons of Joab Obadiah
sons of Joab Obadiah the son of ji-hye L and with him two
the son of ji-hye L and with him two
the son of ji-hye L and with him two hundred and eighteen males of the sons
hundred and eighteen males of the sons
hundred and eighteen males of the sons of Shalom ahthe Ben Joseph aya and with
of Shalom ahthe Ben Joseph aya and with
of Shalom ahthe Ben Joseph aya and with him 160 males of the sons of B by
him 160 males of the sons of B by
him 160 males of the sons of B by Zechariah the son of be by and with him
Zechariah the son of be by and with him
Zechariah the son of be by and with him twenty eight males of the sons of asgard
twenty eight males of the sons of asgard
twenty eight males of the sons of asgard johanan the son of hokotan and with him
johanan the son of hokotan and with him
johanan the son of hokotan and with him one hundred and ten males of the last
one hundred and ten males of the last
one hundred and ten males of the last sons of adonai CIM whose names of these
sons of adonai CIM whose names of these
sons of adonai CIM whose names of these Allah Follette Jehiel
Allah Follette Jehiel
Allah Follette Jehiel and shamea and with them sixty males
and shamea and with them sixty males
and shamea and with them sixty males also of the sons of big VI uthai and
also of the sons of big VI uthai and
also of the sons of big VI uthai and zaboor and with them seventy males
now I gathered them by the river that
now I gathered them by the river that flows to a haver and we can't they're
flows to a haver and we can't they're
flows to a haver and we can't they're three days and I looked among the people
three days and I looked among the people
three days and I looked among the people and the priests and found none of the
and the priests and found none of the
and the priests and found none of the sons of Levi there then I sent for
sons of Levi there then I sent for
sons of Levi there then I sent for Eliezer Ariel shamaya el Nathan J rib el
Eliezer Ariel shamaya el Nathan J rib el
Eliezer Ariel shamaya el Nathan J rib el Nathan Nathan Zechariah and mashallah
Nathan Nathan Zechariah and mashallah
Nathan Nathan Zechariah and mashallah leaders also for joy a rib and el Nathan
leaders also for joy a rib and el Nathan
leaders also for joy a rib and el Nathan men of understanding and I gave them a
men of understanding and I gave them a
men of understanding and I gave them a command for IDO the chief man at the
command for IDO the chief man at the
command for IDO the chief man at the place go Sofia and I told them what they
place go Sofia and I told them what they
place go Sofia and I told them what they should say to it oh and his brethren the
should say to it oh and his brethren the
should say to it oh and his brethren the Nathanael at the place Caesarea that
Nathanael at the place Caesarea that
Nathanael at the place Caesarea that they should bring a servants for the
they should bring a servants for the
they should bring a servants for the house of our God then by the good hand
house of our God then by the good hand
house of our God then by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man
of our God upon us they brought us a man
of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding of the sons of male the
of understanding of the sons of male the
of understanding of the sons of male the son of Levi the son of Israel namely
son of Levi the son of Israel namely
son of Levi the son of Israel namely share abaya with his sons and brothers
share abaya with his sons and brothers
share abaya with his sons and brothers 18 men and Hushabye ax and with him
18 men and Hushabye ax and with him
18 men and Hushabye ax and with him Josiah of the sons of Merari his
Josiah of the sons of Merari his
Josiah of the sons of Merari his brothers and their sons 20 men also of
brothers and their sons 20 men also of
brothers and their sons 20 men also of the Nephilim whom David and the leaders
the Nephilim whom David and the leaders
the Nephilim whom David and the leaders had appointed for the service of the
had appointed for the service of the
had appointed for the service of the Levites 220 netha name all of them were
Levites 220 netha name all of them were
Levites 220 netha name all of them were designated by name
then I proclaimed a fast there at the
then I proclaimed a fast there at the river of Ahava that we might humble
river of Ahava that we might humble
river of Ahava that we might humble ourselves before our God to seek from
ourselves before our God to seek from
ourselves before our God to seek from him the right way for us and our little
him the right way for us and our little
him the right way for us and our little ones and all our possessions for I was
ones and all our possessions for I was
ones and all our possessions for I was ashamed to request of the king an escort
ashamed to request of the king an escort
ashamed to request of the king an escort of soldiers and horsemen to help us
of soldiers and horsemen to help us
of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy on the road because we
against the enemy on the road because we
against the enemy on the road because we had spoken to the king saying the hand
had spoken to the king saying the hand
had spoken to the king saying the hand of our God is upon all those for good
of our God is upon all those for good
of our God is upon all those for good who seek him but his power and his wrath
who seek him but his power and his wrath
who seek him but his power and his wrath are against all those who forsake him so
are against all those who forsake him so
are against all those who forsake him so we fasted and entreated our God for this
we fasted and entreated our God for this
we fasted and entreated our God for this and he answered our prayer
and he answered our prayer
and he answered our prayer [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and I separated 12 of the leaders of the
and I separated 12 of the leaders of the
and I separated 12 of the leaders of the priests share abaya pasha bhaiyya and 10
priests share abaya pasha bhaiyya and 10
priests share abaya pasha bhaiyya and 10 of their brethren with them and weighed
of their brethren with them and weighed
of their brethren with them and weighed out of them the silver of the gold and
out of them the silver of the gold and
out of them the silver of the gold and the articles the offering for the house
the articles the offering for the house
the articles the offering for the house of our God which the king and his
of our God which the king and his
of our God which the king and his counselors and his princes and all
counselors and his princes and all
counselors and his princes and all Israel who were present had offered I
Israel who were present had offered I
Israel who were present had offered I weighed into their hand
weighed into their hand
weighed into their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver
six hundred and fifty talents of silver
six hundred and fifty talents of silver silver articles weighing 100 talents 100
silver articles weighing 100 talents 100
silver articles weighing 100 talents 100 talents of gold twenty gold basins worth
talents of gold twenty gold basins worth
talents of gold twenty gold basins worth a thousand drachma and two vessels of
a thousand drachma and two vessels of
a thousand drachma and two vessels of fine polished bronze precious as gold
fine polished bronze precious as gold
fine polished bronze precious as gold and I said to them you are holy to the
and I said to them you are holy to the
and I said to them you are holy to the Lord the articles are holy also and the
Lord the articles are holy also and the
Lord the articles are holy also and the silver and the gold are a free will
silver and the gold are a free will
silver and the gold are a free will offering to the Lord God of your
offering to the Lord God of your
offering to the Lord God of your father's watch and keep them until you
father's watch and keep them until you
father's watch and keep them until you weigh them before the leaders of the
weigh them before the leaders of the
weigh them before the leaders of the priests and the Levites and heads of the
priests and the Levites and heads of the
priests and the Levites and heads of the father's houses of Israel in Jerusalem
father's houses of Israel in Jerusalem
father's houses of Israel in Jerusalem in the chambers of the house of the Lord
in the chambers of the house of the Lord
in the chambers of the house of the Lord so the priests and the Levites received
so the priests and the Levites received
so the priests and the Levites received the silver and the gold and the articles
the silver and the gold and the articles
the silver and the gold and the articles by weight to bring them to Jerusalem to
by weight to bring them to Jerusalem to
by weight to bring them to Jerusalem to the house of our God
the house of our God
the house of our God then we departed from the river of Ahava
then we departed from the river of Ahava
then we departed from the river of Ahava and the twelfth day of the first month
and the twelfth day of the first month
and the twelfth day of the first month to go to Jerusalem and the hand of our
to go to Jerusalem and the hand of our
to go to Jerusalem and the hand of our God was upon us and he delivered us from
God was upon us and he delivered us from
God was upon us and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy and from ambush
the hand of the enemy and from ambush
the hand of the enemy and from ambush along the road so we came to Jerusalem
along the road so we came to Jerusalem
along the road so we came to Jerusalem and stayed there three days now on the
and stayed there three days now on the
and stayed there three days now on the fourth day the silver and the gold and
fourth day the silver and the gold and
fourth day the silver and the gold and the articles were weighed in the house
the articles were weighed in the house
the articles were weighed in the house of our God by the hand of mirror mouth
of our God by the hand of mirror mouth
of our God by the hand of mirror mouth the son of Uriah the priest and with him
the son of Uriah the priest and with him
the son of Uriah the priest and with him was Eleazar the son of Aeneas with them
was Eleazar the son of Aeneas with them
was Eleazar the son of Aeneas with them were the Levites jaws Abad the son of
were the Levites jaws Abad the son of
were the Levites jaws Abad the son of Joshua and Noah daya the son of bin UI
Joshua and Noah daya the son of bin UI
Joshua and Noah daya the son of bin UI with a number and weight of everything
with a number and weight of everything
with a number and weight of everything all the weight was written down at that
all the weight was written down at that
all the weight was written down at that time the children of those who had been
time the children of those who had been
time the children of those who had been carried away captive who had come from
carried away captive who had come from
carried away captive who had come from the captivity offered burnt offerings to
the captivity offered burnt offerings to
the captivity offered burnt offerings to the God of Israel
the God of Israel
the God of Israel twelve bulls for all Israel ninety-six
twelve bulls for all Israel ninety-six
twelve bulls for all Israel ninety-six Rams seventy seven lambs and twelve male
Rams seventy seven lambs and twelve male
Rams seventy seven lambs and twelve male goats as a sin offering all this was a
goats as a sin offering all this was a
goats as a sin offering all this was a burnt offering to the Lord and they
burnt offering to the Lord and they
burnt offering to the Lord and they delivered the king's orders to the king
delivered the king's orders to the king
delivered the king's orders to the king say traps and the governors in the
say traps and the governors in the
say traps and the governors in the region beyond the river so they gave
region beyond the river so they gave
region beyond the river so they gave support to the people and the house of
support to the people and the house of
support to the people and the house of God